three easy ways to boost your
conversions we all want more traffic
more leads more conversions and believe
me I've tried just about every strategy
out there the average conversion rate
for all websites is about
2.35% but that number changes depending
on certain industries platforms users
and other factors like what is a
conversion is a conversion to you
someone filling out a form field or
giving you their email address or is a
conversion someone buying a product from
your website which causes the number to
change drastically
the best performing websites can go as
high as 11% now keep in mind when
they're doing
11% that's usually not someone making a
purchase or if it is a purchase it's
very targeted traffic to a specific
landing pages and with so many websites
offering similar products and services
to you how are you going to ensure that
your website stands out and actually
converts well here are three simple and
straightforward ways to get you more
conversions than you currently had
before one add a pop-up to your website
according to Sumo the average conversion
rate for all popups is
3.09% you're probably thinking popup
Neil no one likes popups well they
convert and I'm not telling you to put a
popup when someone first comes to your
website the popup should be an exit
popup so to clarify on that an exit
popup is someone goes to your website
they may browse around and then
eventually they leave if they're going
to leave what do you have to lose to
offer them a last chance opportunity to
get that conversion through a popup they
could just click the x button you have
nothing to lose they're going to leave
anyways but
3.09% according to Sumo will stay and
convert that means you're going to get
extra conversions by just having an exit
popup do you want those extra
conversions or do you not want them
that's why you should have that last
ditch effort which is called an exit
popup now I don't want you to think
about an exit popup being spammy or
people hate it instead think about the
offer if your exit popup is give me your
email yeah that spam you no one cares
about that but if your exit popup adds
so much value and it's just like well
I'm going to get this free software free
ebook $10 off coupon they're just like
I'm getting a ton of value why wouldn't
I give you my information or convert
right then and there see that's a
valuable exit popup strategy two add
testimonials views and logos in an
interview with conversion XL growth
marketing expert Angie s sorry Angie I
couldn't pronounce your last name said
if Quality Social proof buffers notable
uncertainty get ready for some
remarkable conversion impact in some
cases up to 400% Improvement we've seen
massive conversion lifts from having
amazing reviews and testimonials just
think of it this way have you ever gone
to Amazon seen a product with little to
no reviews or bad reviews and bought
that product probably not but when
someone has a th000 plus reviews and
they're over four and a half stars on
average what do you do you're probably
willing to buy especially if the price
is good and you're really looking for
that product so reviews testimonials
money back guarantees free trials these
all put people's mind at ease because
you're showing them hey we know our
product is so good we're willing to
offer you the guarantees the free trials
the testimonials the case studies the
reviews because this all puts your mind
at ease and you don't just do this on
your product page but you also do this
throughout your checkout page so for
example I may have reviews and people
having all these ratings on the product
page but when they're checking out I may
also have a testimonial for that product
on that checkout page as well which then
helps convert more people into
purchasing strategy three add a
countdown timer nothing like a little
anxiety to Drive urgency according to a
study by conversion XL one brand
increased sales by 33% by using a single
limited time offer with the countdown
timer we found that when we use
countdown timers we usually don't see
33% lifting conversions but we usually
see during the period of that offer more
than a s or 8% lift may not seem like a
lot but every little bit adds up you
know there's this British cycling coach
named Dave brail for
and the way he said you win the Tour to
France or any bicycling tournament is
you don't pedal faster you don't train
harder because everyone does that that
doesn't mean you shouldn't do that but
that's not enough to win what he tells
you is you got to do all those little
things to win so for example you may go
out there and you may sleep really well
by getting a good mattress or a pillow
so that will you have more energy when
you do your race or you may make sure
your helmet is aerodynamic or you may
make sure that your bicycle seat is more
comfortable so you can pedal harder
longer these are all examples of how you
win in the long run by doing all those
little things cuz they add up 1% here
another percent there 2% there 3% there
it adds up and that's enough to win and
beat the competition that's what you
need to do to get the edge now if you
need help with your conversion
optimization check out my Ad Agency NP
digital if you like this video like it
share it tell the people about it thank
you for watching